Demo: CORTEX M3 MPU MPS2 with QEMU (#813)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS: FreeRTOS/Demo/CORTEX_MPU_M3_MPS2_QEMU_GCC/Readme.md

```
The previous command should create a directory named **FreeRTOS**

## Getting Started on Windows using WSL
The Windows Subsystem for Linux allows you to run native Linux applications from a shell on your windows machine.

To set up your Windows 10 machine to run this QEMU based demo you can follow these steps
1. Install Ubuntu 20.04 LTS version from Microsoft Store, search for "Ubuntu"
2. Update apt-get
```
sudo apt-get update
```
3. Install Make and Qemu
```
sudo apt-get install -y make qemu qemu-system-arm
```
4. Download and unzip Arm tools
```
cd ~
curl https://armkeil.blob.core.windows.net/developer/Files/downloads/gnu-rm/10-2020q4/gcc-arm-none-eabi-10-2020-q4-major-x86_64-linux.tar.bz2 -o gcc-arm-none-eabi-10-2020-q4-major-x86_64-linux.tar.bz2
tar -xjvf gcc-arm-none-eabi-10-2020-q4-major-x86_64-linux.tar.bz2
```

5. Update your path to include the arm toolchain Edit ".profile", add the unzipped bin folder to the front of the path. You can run the same command in the terminal to update the path temporarily in the current shell
```
export PATH="$HOME/gcc-arm-none-eabi-10-2020-q4-major/bin:$PATH"
```

> 6. Clone FreeRTOS

Reviewer: Isn't it same as step 2?

```
git clone https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS.git --recurse-submodules
```

7. Compile the code
```
$ cd ./FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/Demo/CORTEX_MPU_M3_MPS2_QEMU_GCC
$ export PATH=/path/to/arm/toolchain:$PATH
$ make
```
a file named __./build/RTOSDemo.axf__ will be generated

8. Run the MPU Demo
```
sudo qemu-system-arm -machine mps2-an385 -monitor null -semihosting --semihosting-config enable=on,target=native -kernel ./build/RTOSDemo.axf -serial stdio -nographic -s -S
```

> __ -s -S __ will start the program waiting for the debugger, check the next
> section on how to attack the debuffer to the program and observe how it it not
> causing memory faults by placing break points on the MemMang\_handler in __startup.c__
> and inside the function __prvRWAccessTask__ in mpu\_demo.c
> To be noticed is how the task __prvRWAccessTask__ does not cause a memory fault
> while the __prvROAccessTask__ causes a memory violation with the MPU
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options __ -s -S __ in the above command will start the program waiting
for the debugger. Check the next section on how to attach the debugger to the
program.  Place a breakpoint on the MemMang_Handler function in __startup.c__
file and observe how the program repeated generates memory faults and
gracefully recovers from those. 
```

For a versions with debugging symbols and no optimizations **-O0**, run:
```

> $ make DEBUG=1

Reviewer: Move it above where is build command is. Should it not be default as we ask the user to attach a debugger?

Author: they can just use printing if they want, it works in qemu

```

## How to start debugging

> 1. Build the debug version by using `DEBUG=1`:

Reviewer: This information seems repeated.
